CNV#45693- Fix kubevirt_vmi_vcpu_wait_seconds_total docs to be IO specific (#89980)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-querying-metrics.adoc

The following query can identify virtual machines that are waiting for Input/Output (I/O):

`kubevirt_vmi_vcpu_wait_seconds_total`::

> Returns the wait time (in seconds) on I/O for a virtual machine’s vCPU. Type: Counter. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the wait time (in seconds) on I/O for vCPUs of a virtual machine. Type: Counter. 
```

https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-possessives
> Do not use possessive ’s with inanimate objects.
